[docs] add SEO docs (#3946)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/15-seo.md

### Out of the box

#### SSR

While search engines have got better in recent years at indexing content that was rendered with client-side JavaScript, server-side rendered content is indexed more frequently and reliably. SvelteKit employs SSR by default, and while you can disable it in [`handle`](/docs/hooks#handle), you should leave it on unless you have a good reason not to.

> SvelteKit's rendering is highly configurable and you can implement [dynamic rendering](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/advanced/javascript/dynamic-rendering) if necessary. It's not generally recommended, since SSR has other benefits beyond SEO.

#### Performance

Signals such as [Core Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/#core-web-vitals) impact search engine ranking. Because Svelte and SvelteKit introduce minimal overhead, it's easier to build high performance sites. You can test your site's performance using Google's [PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev/) or [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse).

#### Normalized URLs

> SvelteKit redirects URLs with trailing slashes to versions without trailing slash or vice versa depending on your [configuration](configuration#trailingslash).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SvelteKit redirects pathnames with trailing slashes to ones without (or vice versa depending on your [configuration](configuration#trailingslash)), as duplicate URLs are bad for SEO.
```
